nrf_security: Move PSA_WANT symbols from Zephyr to nrf_security (#17724)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

|no_changes_yet_note|

Security libraries
------------------

> * :ref:`nrf_security` library:
> 
>   * Removed:
> 
>     * Kconfig options ``CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_CFB`` and ``CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_CFB`` since these ciphers are not tested in the test fraremework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`nrf_security` library:

  * Removed the Kconfig options ``CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_CFB`` and ``CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_OFB`` since the Cipher Feedback (CFB) mode and the Output Feedback (OFB) mode are not tested in the test framework.
```
